well this year has definitely not been
the best we've ever had
it has tried our strength our courage
our patience
we've had to give it our everything
expecting nothing in return
but hope for better times and yet
let's not forget the good things 2020
has brought
despite not being able to see our
friends and sometimes
even our families in person we've
managed to stay in touch
and by keeping our distance we've shown
how much we care
about our loved ones it's been hard to
see our deer faces on cold screens
but all the sweeter the reunion will be
after this
is all in the past we've had to find
other ways to support those who need it
and we've found them we've seen the
grateful smiles of our grandparents
when they received the flowers food and
gifts we sent them
we've shared the peaceful joy of
watching movies together
with our loved ones even when separated
we've given to the world what we do best
sharing our skills and secrets of our
trades online
asking for nothing in return in a sense
this year has united us more than ever
we've been grateful to those who have
been saving lives all this time
and showing our gratitude in many
different ways
this difficult period has made us slow
down
and look at our lives from a different
angle always being on the run
scaling ladders to new achievements we
might have missed
important things that lie so very close
and now we've finally awakened from this
hectic race
and opened our eyes for many of us comfy
home clothes and even pjs have become a
second skin
we've been working walking around and
sleeping
all in the same old things even those
who have to stay public
are guilty of that and you can't blame
them and
just stop to think of this we've never
ceased working
we're still being useful still finding
ways to bring new ideas
and improve old ones we've shifted
everything we could to the online mode
and what we couldn't we've made safe for
everyone involved
we've shown unprecedented care for each
other
even for those we don't know and might
never meet again
and deep inside we know we would have
done so
even without being told to just because
we're human
and caring isn't our nature all in all
no this hasn't been the best year ever
granted
but we've still been smiling still had
our moments of glory and peace
and still done what we could to help
each other
this year has made us closer than ever
made us remember
what compassion is and why we need each
other
so much we've remembered how good it
feels to hug
someone we love what a joy it is to see
your friends and family in person
what a marvelous place our planet is
we've all remembered how much we
appreciate the wind in our hair
the sunrises and sunsets the soft
rustling of ocean waves
and the chirping of birds in the trees
we've all learned how much we care for
those we love
and we've all realized how much we value
our freedom
we've shown that we can persevere
and whatever life has to throw at us we
will stand as
one and bravely embrace it let's say
goodbye to this difficult year full of
revelations
and greet the new one with our heads
held high
so get out there and make it a happy new
year